After the basic setup of Kali Linux you should check for the versions of python and pip installed in Kali. If their version is mis-matched, they will conflict and won't work properly.

To check the latest version of python use the command:

      # python -V 
      
   it will show the latest version of python installed in the system.
   
Also check for the latest version of pip using the command:

      # pip -V 
      
*We will install the 2.7 version of both Python and Pip:   

Check for those versions if they are installed or not ny using the following commands

      # python2.7 -V
      
      # pip2.7 -V 
      
      
If Pip version 2.7 is not installed, google “bootstrap.pypa.io/pip” and from there download the 2.7 version.
Run the command:

    # python get-pip.py
    
    
    

After this both Python and Pip will be of same version i.e. v2.7.


*You can install Sublime editor from the official Sublime website.


After the successful installation of the above you can just install the basic tools that we need by the single command:


      # apt install rclone vim fonts-lato fonts-open-sans fonts-roboto fonts-mononoki fonts-indic grc python-is-python3 gcc-multilib g++-multilib libtesseract-dev jq python3-pip openvpn network-manager-openvpn network-manager-openvpn-gnome krita testssl.sh dirsearch wkhtmltopdf virtualbox virtualbox-ext-pack virtualbox-guest-additions-iso golang remmina remmina-plugin-rdp remmina-plugin-secret youtube-dl
      
      
      it will install or update the basic virtualbox, vim, openvpn, youtube video downloader, etc.
      
      
      
To check the system is encoding or not, give the following command:

      # ffmpeg -encoders 2>/dev/null | grep nvenc
      
      
      
      
*After the setup is complete, don't update or upgrade the version of Kali Linux until it is extremely necessary because if you do there might be chances of mis-configuration or versions mis-matching and Kali will not work properly after that.
**After all this, the Basic SetUp for Kali Linux is complete and you're good to go!!
